I downloaded an app that might be
helpful in this situation is the whip
sound app contextually appropriate here
it is but I think you might have waited
too long for it to be funny dr.
Rostenkowski it may interest you to know
that saying pewpewpew isn't as effective
as pressing your blaster key in the same
way that saying we doesn't make the land
speeder go Imperial troopers on your
tail Gordon when Gandhi advocated this
philosophy of non-violence I bet he
didn't know how much fun it was killing
stuff I think we got them all let's
divide up the loot look at this pretty
purple robe I just got you should put on
yours in the MOU match
I worked hard to get this armor sorry I
just thought it'd be nice if people knew
we were a couple
fine I'll change
Sheldon she wanted to show you off to
her family and you stood her up okay
look at this adorable shhhhh mushy face
you're hurting me know what Sheldon hurt
you before now it's you I think I
understand you're the one person who can
say Sheldon Cooper is your boyfriend but
that rings hollow if you can't lord him
over others in the flesh I forget what I
bring to the party and when I take away
when I leave please accept these
valuable Cooper Cooper as restitution
doesn't want your stupid body and center
redeeming let's go
well played Amy Farrah Fowler let me get
my coat
Howard Joel Wolowitz I've been worried
sick for two days and I know you turned
off your phone right now because I've
had it up to here I have been to the
morgue in the hospital and I spent the
last half hour walking up these four
caucus fans that's my right gotta go